Ah, I dare not
Wang Si is right, everything should be fine.
Angry god of war
Please forgive me, God of War
Aren't you going to degrade me?
Chop, dare not
Even if God remembers, I can't bear to listen
come
Keep threatening me with my sister
How dare you kidnap Zhan Shuai's sister?
I will kill you
No, no, no, hurry up, forget it, sister
Come hit me kill me
Threaten me
I'm sorry. I didn't know what you did.
Ouch hahaha
Isn't Lao Tzu a war criminal?
If you are a civilian, you can be oppressed at will
No no no I was wrong oh I was wrong
If you are wrong, you will pay the price.
Jin Feng immediately passed the order
Put these evildoers
The red dog is sent to the dark prison
Never see the light
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Yes Yes Yes Yes
Little sister, let's go
Little sister, go back first
I have to go to the neighbor's house for something
Ok brother, you have to be careful.
Immediately arrange for two Dragon Guards to secretly protect my sister
If someone bullies and kills